README.md, before:

# Your place for returning lab exercises/assignmets and final coursework

Student name:

Student ID:

*Give at least above information to this file. You can remove all below if you like, and add some own general instructions/information if you like.*



## What is this repository for?



This repository is meant for returning all of the tasks, what you are doing in labs. Additionally final coursework can be returned here.

You will update and add all of your work here during the course.

*Excluding* (Do not return) possible lecture tasks/diary here, in case you are doing those. These will be returned directly to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi).



## How to proceed?

For each lab, you have to choose:
 * Make lab assignment and add it here. Max. grade is five (5).

 OR

 * Make lecture tasks/diary and return it directly to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi). Max. grade is one (1).
  * You have to participate for lecture

There is corresponding template for each laboratory exercise in this repository.

There is template for text (README.md) in each template folder. You can remove all the questions if you want, as long as you are saving task numbers.

You can create folder named *src* for possible source code in each folder.

You can create folder named *img* for possible images/screenshots in each folder.

It is recommended to do as described above, but it is not required (= you can add more things if you like).


*If you are doing lecture tasks/diary instead of corresponding lab, return it directly to Moodle.*


Check [cheat sheet](https://services.github.com/on-demand/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) if you need a refresher on how to use Git. Some basic commands below  
```git
git add </path/filename>
git commit -m "<message>"
git push
```

If you haven't edited markdown files alot [Visual studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is a good free software for it. It works on Windows, Linux and Mac. It is also installed to most of the virtual machines. For help with markdown syntax check [Example.md](Example.md)
## When to proceed?

There is a deadline for each lab.

When you have done the exercises of corresponding lab, you have to return link (URL) of this repository to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi) into corresponding returning box ***before deadline***.

Note: You can return link beforehand and edit corresponding lab still here, as long as it has been done before deadline.

In practise, if you have done all of the five (5) labs, you return this same link five (5) times for different return boxes.

This is because:

 * We can track, if you have done the corresponding lab in each time. We know that there is something to review.

 * We can link correct person to correct repository (= We know, who has actually edited this repository)

 * There are people, who might make only lecture tasks/diary or mixing
 both (labs today, lecture tasks next week). This way we know, if everybody has done something.

 All of the labs are available immediately. If you want, you can do them all at once or in some mixed sections.

 Just take care that you have returned link before deadline, and corresponding lab of deadline has been completed here.

## What if I missed the deadline or I want to improve my previous work?

If you forgot to return link to Moodle before deadline, but your work is here before deadline, just send an email for someone of the assistans of the course.

There will be sixth (6th) lab, which is meant for improving/doing missing labs. You can imporove as many labs as you want before deadline of that sixth (6th) lab.

Return link of this repository once again to Moodle, and say what have you done/improved.

Commit message:

Templates updated to be up-to-date with actual instructions

README.md, after:

# Your place for returning lab exercises/assignmets and final coursework

Student name:

Student ID:

*Give at least above information to this file. You can remove all below if you like, and add some own general instructions/information if you like.*


## What is this repository for?



This repository is meant for returning all of the tasks, what you are doing in labs. Additionally final coursework can be returned here.

The actual instructions for tasks are [here.](https://github.com/CompSec-2018/CompSec)


You will update and add all of your work here during the course.

*Excluding* (Do not return) possible lecture questionnaires here, in case you are doing those. These will be returned directly to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi).



## How to proceed?

For each lab, you have to choose:
 * Make lab assignment and add it here. Max. grade is five (5).

 OR

 * Make lecture tasks/diary and return it directly to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi). Max. grade is one (1).
  * You have to participate for lecture

There is corresponding template for each laboratory exercise in this repository.

There is template for text (README.md) in each template folder. You can remove all the questions if you want, as long as you are saving task numbers.

You can create folder named *src* for possible source code in each folder.

You can create folder named *img* for possible images/screenshots in each folder.

It is recommended to do as described above, but it is not required (= you can add more things if you like).


*If you are doing lecture tasks/diary instead of corresponding lab, return it directly to Moodle.*


Check [cheat sheet](https://services.github.com/on-demand/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) if you need a refresher on how to use Git. Some basic commands below  
```git
git add </path/filename>
git commit -m "<message>"
git push
```

If you have barely edited Markdown files, [Visual studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is a good free software for editing and showing live preview of it. It works on Windows, Linux and Mac. It is also installed to most of the virtual machines. For help with Markdown syntax, check [Example.md](Example.md)
## When to proceed?

There is a deadline for each lab.

When you have done the exercises of corresponding lab, you have to return link (URL) of this repository to [Moodle](https://oystack.oulu.fi) into corresponding returning box ***before deadline***.

Note: You can return link beforehand and edit corresponding lab still here, as long as it has been done before deadline.

In practise, if you have done all of the five (5) labs, you return this same link five (5) times for different return boxes.

This is because:

 * We can track, if you have done the corresponding lab in each time. We know that there is something to review.

 * We can link correct person to correct repository (= We know, who has actually edited this repository)

 * There are people, who might make only lecture questionnaire or mixing
 both (labs today, lecture tasks next week). This way we know, if everybody has done something.

 All of the labs are available immediately. If you want, you can do them all at once or in some mixed sections.

 If you want to make ChipWhisperer lab beforehand (and it is recommended), *you can borrow the device, but it must be returned before actual lab. We need devices there.* Afterwards, devices can be borrowed again.

 Just take care that you have returned link before deadline, and corresponding lab of deadline has been completed here.

## What if I missed the deadline or I want to improve my previous work?

If you forgot to return link to Moodle before deadline, but your work is here before deadline, just send an email for someone of the assistans of the course.

In fifth and sixth lab you can improve or make previous labs in addition of ChipWhisperer lab. You can imporove as many labs as you want before deadline of that sixth (6th) lab.

Return link of this repository once again to Moodle, and say what have you done/improved.
